Added snippets, images, notes, clarifying statements, clean up, etc. (#27594)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/roslyn-sdk/source-generators-overview.md

Another capability Source Generators can offer is obviating the use of some "stringly-typed" APIs, such as how ASP.NET Core routing between controllers and razor pages work. With a Source Generator, routing can be strongly typed with the necessary strings being generated as a compile-time detail. This would reduce the amount of times a mistyped string literal leads to a request not hitting the correct controller.

## Get started with source generators

In this guide, you'll explore the creation of a source generator using the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.ISourceGenerator> API.

1. Create a .NET console application. This example uses .NET 6.

1. Replace the `Program` class with the following:

>     :::code language="xml" source="snippets/source-generators/ConsoleApp/Program.cs":::

Reviewer: Code language is wrong
```suggestion
    :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/source-generators/ConsoleApp/Program.cs":::
```

Author: Already fixed

    > [!NOTE]
    > You can run this sample as-is, but nothing will happen yet.

1. Next, we'll create a source generator project that will implement the `partial void HelloFrom` method counterpart.

1. Create a .NET standard library project that targets the `netstandard2.0` target framework moniker (TFM):

>     :::code language="xml" source="snippets/source-generators/SourceGenerator/SourceGenerator.csproj":::

Reviewer: Code language is wrong
```suggestion
    :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/source-generators/SourceGenerator/SourceGenerator.csproj":::
```

Author: The _.csproj_ file is XML, this suggestion is incorrect 😄

Reviewer: lol

Another capability Source Generators can offer is obviating the use of some "stringly-typed" APIs, such as how ASP.NET Core routing between controllers and razor pages work. With a Source Generator, routing can be strongly typed with the necessary strings being generated as a compile-time detail. This would reduce the amount of times a mistyped string literal leads to a request not hitting the correct controller.

## Get started with source generators

In this guide, you'll explore the creation of a source generator using the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.ISourceGenerator> API.

1. Create a .NET console application. This example uses .NET 6.

1. Replace the `Program` class with the following:

>     :::code source="snippets/source-generators/ConsoleApp/Program.cs":::

Reviewer: Missing language
```suggestion
    :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/source-generators/ConsoleApp/Program.cs":::
```

    }
    ```

    A source generator needs to both implement the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.ISourceGenerator?displayProperty=nameWithType> interface, and have the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.GeneratorAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>. Not all source generators require initialization, and that is the case with this example implemenation &mdash; where <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.ISourceGenerator.Initialize%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> is empty.

1. Replace the contents of the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.ISourceGenerator.Execute%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method, with the following implementation:

>     :::code source="snippets/source-generators/SourceGenerator/HelloSourceGenerator.cs":::

Reviewer: Missing language
```suggestion
    :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/source-generators/SourceGenerator/HelloSourceGenerator.cs":::
```

Author: The language is inferred for well-known types, for example; files with the _.cs_ extension are automatically mapped as C#.

    From the `context` object we can access the compilations' entry point, or `Main` method. The `mainMethod` instance is an <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.IMethodSymbol>, and it represents a method or method-like symbol (including constructor, destructor, operator, or property/event accessor). From this object we can reason about the containing namespace (if one is present) and the type. The `source` in this example is an interpolated string that templates the source code to be generated, where the interpolated wholes are filled with the containing namespace and type information. The `source` is added to the `context` with a hint name.

    > [!TIP]

>     > The `hintName` parameter from the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.GeneratorExecutionContext.AddSource%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method can be any unique name, however; it is common to provide an explicit C# file extension such as `".g.cs"` or `".generated.cs"`. This will cause the generated file name to further help identify itself as being source generated.

Reviewer: nit: I think readability (acro suggestions) this can be improved a little
```suggestion
    > The `hintName` parameter from the <xref:Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.GeneratorExecutionContext.AddSource%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method can be any unique name. It's common to provide an explicit C# file extension such as `".g.cs"` or `".generated.cs"` for the name. The file name helps identify the file as being source generated.
```
